# MIT License / Licencia MIT

Copyright (c) 2024 César Tejada Lorente

---

## 📄 English Version (Official)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## 📄 Versión en Español (Traducción no oficial)

Por la presente se concede permiso, sin cargo, a cualquier persona que obtenga  
una copia de este software y los archivos de documentación asociados (el  
"Software"), para utilizar el Software sin restricción, incluidos, entre otros,  
los derechos a usar, copiar, modificar, fusionar, publicar, distribuir,  
sublicenciar y/o vender copias del Software, y permitir a las personas a  
quienes se les proporcione el Software a hacer lo mismo, sujeto a las  
siguientes condiciones:

El aviso de copyright anterior y este aviso de permiso deberán incluirse en  
todas las copias o partes sustanciales del Software.

EL SOFTWARE SE PROPORCIONA "TAL CUAL", SIN GARANTÍA DE NINGÚN TIPO, EXPRESA O  
IMPLÍCITA, INCLUIDAS PERO NO LIMITADAS A LAS GARANTÍAS DE COMERCIALIZACIÓN,  
IDONEIDAD PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR Y NO INFRACCIÓN. EN NINGÚN CASO LOS  
AUTORES O TITULARES DEL COPYRIGHT SERÁN RESPONSABLES POR NINGUNA RECLAMACIÓN,  
DAÑO O OTRA RESPONSABILIDAD, YA SEA EN UNA ACCIÓN CONTRACTUAL, AGRAVIO O DE  
OTRO TIPO, QUE SURJA DE, FUERA DE O EN CONEXIÓN CON EL SOFTWARE O EL USO U  
OTROS TRATOS EN EL SOFTWARE.